001
Prison cell
--queue
SDialogue: You open your eyes, finding yourself leaning against a cold brick wall.-false
SDialogue: A misstep against the leader of the labyrinth, known only as The Beast, has led to your predicament.-false
SDialogue: Unfortunately for them, you don't know when to quit.-false
SDialogue: "I'll just have to make my way to the altar. The Beast will pay." you mutter to yourself.-false
SDialogue: You get up, and look around you.-false
SDialogue: You are in a jail cell. The door is locked, but you are a skilled lockpicker.-false
SDialogue: >> Click the buttons in the sequence shown <<-false
Action: &M001&You unlock the cell door with ease.
SDialogue: You find yourself inside an opened jail cell.-true
--passages
NORTH       002

002
Prisoner holding area
--queue
SDialogue: A cold, dark, prisoner holding area is where you find yourself. You notice stairs that lead downwards to a basement to the west, a crumbling wall to east, and your jail cell south.-true
SDialogue: There's a guard twitching on the floor with blood spilt all around the floor. He lunges at you!-false
SDialogue: >> Click the circles as they appear onscreen before they disappear to deal damage. Missed circles instead deal damage to you. <<-false
Action: &M002&The guard collapses, shudders, and then lays motionless.
--passages
SOUTH       001
EAST       007
WEST       003

003
Basement floor
--queue
SDialogue: The basement you're in is damp and dark. You see a wooden door to a room to your North. Off to the west, you notice a musty grate. There are stairs leading up to prisoner holding area to the east.-true
--passages
NORTH      004
EAST       002
WEST      009

004
Goblin room
--queue
SDialogue: The room greets you with a foul stench. The door to the south leads to the rest of basement. There are also stairs that lead up north, a soft humming of flowing water echoing through.-true
SDialogue: A goblin is inside the room, feasting on some poor rodent. It glares at you as soon as you step inside.-false
Choice: Do you fight him, or try to talk your way out of this?-false-FIGHT>&M005&The goblin shrieks and dies./BLUFF>&NULL&You tell the goblin about the new promotion RAID: Shadow Legends is holding outside the dungeon. He rushes off.
--passages
NORTH      005
SOUTH      003

005
Fountain room
--queue
SDialogue: A pristine fountain decorates the center of this room. Stairs lead down south to the basement, and an extravagant banquet hall lies to the east. A marble bridge to the west can also be seen.-true
SDialogue: In a moment of weakness, you trudge towards the fountain, not having drank water in what seems like millennia.-false
SDialogue: However, your throat is so parched that you start choking on the water!-false
Action: &M009&You settle down, and gather your bearings and wits.
--passages
SOUTH      004
EAST      008
WEST      006

006
Mausoleum of the Mistress
--queue
SDialogue: A lovely marble tomb adorns a lush green and stony platform, engraved with the name of the late mistress. A marble bridge lies to the east. The Beast's altar is just over to the south.-true
SDialogue: Suddenly, a hand tears through the earth behind you. The Queen is here to defend The Beast!-false
Action: &M007&The hag's inanimate corpse lies still as a static breeze. However, her hand still grasps your ankle.
Action: &M008&You deftly kick her hand away, freeing you from her rotten clutches.
--passages
EAST      005
SOUTH      010

007
Crumbling wall
--queue
SDialogue: You arrive at a crumbling wall. You can make out a banquet hall through the wall. The prisoner holding area is to the west.-true
Choice: The wall looks fragile. Break it?-false-BREAK IT>&M003&The wall collapses, providing a passage.
--passages
NORTH      008
WEST      002

008
Banquet hall
--queue
SDialogue: A banquet hall that can only be described as royal and over the top decorates your vision. A crumbling wall lies to south, with a beautiful fountain to the west.-true
--passages
SOUTH      007
WEST      005

009
Tunnel to Altar
--queue
SDialogue: An old tunnel that seems to lead to The Beast's altar due north. The basement corridor lies to the east.-true
SDialogue: A grate blocks your path. It seems like your lockpicking skills might come in handy. But perhaps it might be best to use brute force.-false
Choice: Detach the grate, or break it?-false-DETACH>&M010&The grate comes off, silent as a mouse on Christmas Eve, leaving the path free for you to continue towards./BREAK>&M011&You tear open the grate a new one. It flies off its hinges, leaving the path free for you to continue towards.

--passages
NORTH      010
EAST      003

010
Altar
--queue
SDialogue: PLACEHOLDER-true
--passages
FORCED     0

